[cleanup] Fix mispelled words, wrong instructions in getting started ... (#226)
kuzzleio/documentation-V2: src/sdk-reference/java/1/getting-started/index.md

plateform](https://dl.kuzzle.io/sdk/java/master/index.html). Download
and add it to your classpath.

<div class="alert alert-info">

> Following examples are made to be execute without any IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples are made to be executed without any IDE.
```

> If you're using Eclipse, IntelliJ or another Java IDE. You'll need to add the SDK as a project dependency in your classpath as you would make as usual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using Eclipse, IntelliJ or another Java IDE, you need to add the SDK as a project dependency in your classpath.
```
